Hello Alex! Welcome to the technical interview sync. How are you doing today?
Hi Sarah! I am doing great, thank you. Very excited to discuss the role and the platform.
Awesome. To start, could you give a quick overview of your experience building real-time integrations, particularly with Microsoft Graph?
Sure! In my previous project, we built a similar flow where we needed to block calendars and sync Teams meeting recordings and transcripts.
We implemented an Azure Entra ID app registration using Application Permissions, specifically the client credentials flow for headless token fetching.
That is exactly what we are designing! How did you handle the webhook notification for transcript completion without overloading Microsoft servers?
We subscribed to communications/onlineMeetings/getAllTranscripts using Graph change notifications. When the call ended, Microsoft POSTed the ID.
Our backend received the webhook, validated the life-cycle token, and fetched the raw VTT content and MP4 video in the background.
Fantastic. Let's dig deeper. How did you sync the transcript cues to the HTML5 video player on the frontend UI?
We parsed the WebVTT file into time-indexed nodes. When the user clicked a line, we seeked the player. We also used timeupdate events to scroll and highlight text.
Impressive work. Well, that covers our core architectural needs. Let's move on to coding!